Bobfolio is a simple attempt to trim down my personal portfolio and
convert it into a little Sinatra web app for easy use with Heroku.

INSTALLING BOBFOLIO:

First, install git.  On Ubuntu that's something like "apt-get install
git-core".  On Mac, you've probably already got it, or you can install
it through MacPorts, Fink, Homebrew or whatever.

Next, "git clone git://github.com/noahgibbs/bobfolio.git".  That will
make a bobfolio directory for you to edit your new copy.

You'll need to install Ruby.  If you install Ruby 1.8.X instead of
1.9.X, you'll also need to install RubyGems.

Afterward, you'll need to install other gems:

  gem install bundler
  bundle install

RUNNING BOBFOLIO:

From the command line, type "rerun ruby bobfolio.rb".  That will load a
web server, and reload the web server every time you change the code
(convenient!).

Next, point a web browser at "http://localhost:4567" to see what your
server shows.  Edit bobfolio.rb to include your correct name and the
right link text in those variables up at the top.  Hit reload in your
browser, and you should see the right name in the title, and the right
text up top.

Finally, go to the bottom of views/index.erb, a file of HTML and
JavaScript.  See all those divs?  Those get automatically displayed
with all the rounded corners and whatnot and the nifty filtering
you're seeing.  Just add more divs!

Every div should be tagged as either "professional" or "personal" or
it won't show up!  All the other classes you give a div turn into
the smaller buttons to sort by category.

DEPLOYING BOBFOLIO:

Sign up for a (free) account with Heroku.com.  Next, create a Heroku
app:

  heroku create myappname

Heroku will ask you for your name and password the first time you run
a command, and will remember your SSH keys so you can upload code to
this app again later.  It may take a try or three before your app name
isn't taken.  You can also just "heroku create" to create a new
randomized app name.  Don't do that for your portfolio, because a
randomized app name will be hard to remember and sound kind of dumb.

Now deploy to heroku:

  git push heroku master

That's it!  Go to "http://myappname.heroku.com" or whatever your
actual Heroku app name is.  You should see your new portfolio,
accessible to all on the big ol' Internet.  Welcome to the future.
